Welcome to section number six on a synchronous No J Yes.
Now if you read a few articles about what node is you're likely going to see these same four terms pop
up over and over again asynchronous non blocking single threaded and event driven.
Now all of those are indeed accurate ways to describe no J.S..
The question is what exactly do those terms mean and how are they going to impact the node apps we're
building.
Well in this section we're going to move on to our second of four applications our weather web application.
So this application is indeed gonna have a front end in the browser where the user provides their location
behind the scenes and no J.S. we're going to communicate with third party services to convert that location
in to a forecast.
We're then going to send the forecast back to the browser so we can render the data for the user to
see.
So in this section we'll end up using asynchronous no J.S. in a few different places and we're actually
going to kick off the section with a quick presentation.
We're going to talk about those four terms and figure out how exactly they fit into the node apps we're
building.
Let's go ahead and jump right into that.